Review of the Provider's Code:

Our Providers supplied us with almost everything we needed. However, we were left missing some
important funtionality causing us more difficulty in Adapting their views to our model and
Controller. First off, we were not provided with a factory or composite view, which is what was
required of them.

They have their concrete gui view panel implementing a key listener, which is how we believe they
intended to move their red line, however, they did not add a key listener in their gui view frame,
so their key board events for the red line are not working.

They do not have a composite view, so we were only able to test the console,
the guiView Frame and the midi.

Their views were for the most part capable, however, their Gui view Frame did not highlight the the
keyboard keys at the current beat.

Their interface was pretty flexible and we had similar methods, making it pretty easy for us to
adapt our model to their interface.

The comments and java docs were very clear and comprehensive.

In the concrete Gui view panel, their paint component didnt have any helper methods which made the
code very cluttered and hard to understand. They should use helper helper methods to separate their
code better. For example they could have helper methods for their piano, their notes, their note
labels and anything that needs to be drawn.

Tip: in the pitch class, you do not need indices for the different pitches since there is a built
in ordinal method in enums which takes care of that.

Grader:
We asked them if they could send us a composite view, but they did not reply, which led us to
believe that they did not finish implementing it in Assignment 7.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE: On the last day of the assignment and after we finished the assignment with the originally
provided code, the provider gave us an updated view which had a Composite View and a different view
interface than what we were originally provided. We thought this was not a reasonable time frame
to redo the assignment with the new code because we both had other assignments to work on Saturday
and based on all previous indications we were done with the assignment.

